bpo-40000: Improve AST validation for invalid constant nodes (#19055)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-03-18-12-54-25.bpo-40000.FnsPZC.rst

> Improved error messages for Constant node validation in AST. Patch by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved error messages for validation of ``ast.Constant`` nodes. Patch by
```
